h1. Slides, A Slideshow Plugin for jQuery

Slides is a crazy simple slideshow plugin for jQuery. With features like looping, auto play, fade or slide transition effects, crossfading, image preloading, and auto generated pagination.

With Slides you'll never see multiple slides fly by. Slides elegantly just slides from one slide to the next. Awesome.

Check out "http://slidesjs.com/":http://slidesjs.com/ for full instructions and examples.

Give it a try and if you have a question or find a bug <a href="http://github.com/nathansearles/slides/issues">hit me up</a> at GitHub or <a href="mailto:nsearles@gmail.com">shoot me an email</a>..

Slides is compatible with all modern web browsers including; Internet Explorer 7/8/9, Firefox 3+, Chrome, Safari and Mobile Safari. And it'll even work in our old friend IE6.

h2. Info

Developed by "Nathan Searles":mailto:nsearles@gmail.com, "http://nathansearles.com":http://nathansearles.com

For updates, follow Nathan Searles on "Twitter":http://twitter.com/nathansearles

Slides is licensed under the "Apache license":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

h2. Examples and Instructions

These examples are also included in the download.

* "http://slidesjs.com/":http://slidesjs.com/
* "Images with captions":http://slidesjs.com/examples/images-with-captions/
* "Linking":http://slidesjs.com/examples/linking/
* "Product":http://slidesjs.com/examples/product/
* "Multiple slideshows":http://slidesjs.com/examples/multiple/
* "Simple (unstyled)":http://slidesjs.com/examples/simple/
* "Standard":http://slidesjs.com/examples/standard/

h2. Changelog

* 1.2.0
** New: Added support for jQuery 1.9.x. Dropped support for jQuery versions below 1.7.

* 1.1.8
** Fixed: bug with preloading image and starting at slide other then the first

* 1.1.7
** Added currentClass default, thanks arronmabrey!

* 1.1.6
** Fixed: bug with slidesLoaded function

* 1.1.5
** New: option called slidesLoaded, a function that is called when Slides is fully loaded

* 1.1.4
** Fixed: Minor bug with loading image not being removed
** Added: animationStart() now gets passed the current slide number
** Updated: Examples now use jQuery 1.5.1

* 1.1.3
** New: Support for jQuery's easing plugin
*** Added: fadeEasing and slideEasing defaults
** Cleaned up JavaScript using http://jshint.com
** Fixed: Minor bug with hoverPause

* 1.1.2
** Changed: Width and Height is set in the CSS rather then the JavaScript
** New: Added some helpful comments to example CSS
** Fixed: Flash of slide content in IE
** Updated: Better loading structure

* 1.1.1
** New: Width and height is now a required attribute
*** This fixes numerous issues with blank slides and height
** New: Rewrote image loading
*** Now supports multiple parent elements
*** Fixed other minor bugs
** Fixed: Images should no longer flicker in IE

* 1.1.0
** Fixed: Issue with images and captions example in IE6/7

* 1.0.9
** Fixed: Using fade effect, crossfade and autoheight now works properly

* 1.0.8
** Fixed: IE6/7 JavaScript error related to the pagination

* 1.0.7
** New: Link to a slide from a slide. Check out /examples/Linking/ in the download
** New: Deeplinking example added. Check out /examples/Linking/ in the download
** Changed: Pagination no longer uses rel attribute, it now just uses href with hash

* 1.0.6
** Changed: Pagination now targets the rel attribute versus using :eq()

* 1.0.5
** New: Current slide number passed to animationComplete()

* 1.0.4
** Fixed: start option bug
** New: error correction for start option

* 1.0.3
** Fixed: bugs related to auto height
** New: animationStart() and animationComplete() added

* 1.0.2
** Fixed: bug with static pagination

* 1.0.1
** New: boolean to auto generated Next/Prev buttons
** Width attribute is no longer set for main element
** Fixed: pagination bug, it was set to false, should be true by default

* 1.0
** Initial release
